the importance of networking building
your career a lot of people don't think
of conventions and stuff like that as
you know as a main tool they they can be
good or bad you know mainly I use
conventions as as a tool to spread Marv
around the world actually you know a lot
of people can't you know that's really
the importance of you know conventions
is that you know I'm promoting myself
and another area that that not they
don't get the tattooing that I do
I'm very specialized in what I do I do a
very large you know traditional Japanese
style tattooing and I focused a lot on
you know the traditional values of the
true of tat of Japanese art but it was
my own twist and but I keep the
integrity of the art and and I'm able to
do it in a relatively quickly manner a
lot of people were loved to get
something you know that large that fast
and be done and not have to come back
for several sessions conventions are a
way you know I've gone over all over the
world and and I love my job I love what
I do
and and for me to be able to you know go
to Australia or you know in you know
Europe and just you know in tattoo
people that are never have the
opportunity to come to America and or
come to North Carolina and get tattooed
you know and it's it's awesome to be
able to bring that you know to you know
other people and that's what conventions
do they bring people from all over the
world to one area so that that community
the community can actually enjoy and
actually you know benefit from artists
from all over the world it's all about
advancing in this business we're not
going backwards by no means you know
we're we're always trying to advance
into
another level you know we're gonna take
it to another level you know I I see
kids tattooing 2 or 3 years and are like
doing you know portraits that are
ridiculous
you know the importance of going to a
convention as a artist it's not working
the convention is that you can go around
to you know Mike Jeffries or you know of
Billy Vegas or Tommy helm or Liam
vendetta and and you can actually watch
them work you know and and this is a
hands-on this is this is a hands-on
thing we we learn from watching you know
we weren't learned from you know we've
done it a long time and I can
I've done it 21 years and and I've
actually watched other people and go
well I never thought about doing it like
that you know which we're all learning
you know we're all learning to build and
we're all learning to better this you
know business